Update Private Repo Instructions (#670)
astronomer/docs: software/customize-image.md

- A [Software project](create-project.md).
- Custom Python packages that are [installable via pip](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/tutorials/packaging-projects/).
- A private GitHub repository for each of your custom Python packages.
- A [GitHub SSH Private Key](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/connecting-to-github-with-ssh/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent) authorized to access your private GitHub repositories.

:::warning

> If your organization enforces SAML Single Sign On (SSO), you must first authorize your key to allow it to be used by following [this guide](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-cloud@latest/authentication/authenticating-with-saml-single-sign-on/authorizing-an-ssh-key-for-use-with-saml-single-sign-on).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your organization enforces SAML single sign-on (SSO), you must first authorize your key to be used with that authentication method. For instructions, see [GitHub documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-cloud@latest/authentication/authenticating-with-saml-single-sign-on/authorizing-an-ssh-key-for-use-with-saml-single-sign-on).
```

  :::tip

>   Older versions of the Astronomer Certified image contain different versions of
>   Python. To find the python version in an image, use
>   `docker run quay.io/astronomer/ap-airflow:2.2.5 python --version`. The version
>   numbers in the *Copy requirements directory* command above may need to be
>   changed if a different version of Python is being used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example `Dockerfile.build` assumes Python 3.9, but some versions of Astronomer Certified may be based on a different version of Python. If your image is based on a version of Python that is not 3.9, replace `python 3.9` in the **COPY** commands listed under the `## Copy requirements directory` section of your `Dockerfile.build` with the correct Python version.
  
  To identify the Python version in your AC image, run:
  
  `
  docker run quay.io/astronomer/ap-airflow:<astronomer-certified-version> python --version`
  
  Make sure to replace `<astronomer-certified-version>` with your own. 
```

  :::

  :::info

>   If your repository is hosted somewhere other than GitHub, replace the domain
>   in the `ssh-keyscan` command with the domain where the package is hosted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If your repository is hosted somewhere other than GitHub, replace the domain in the `ssh-keyscan` command with the domain where the package is hosted.
```

  :::tip

This example `Dockerfile.build` assumes Python 3.9, but some versions of Astronomer Certified may be based on a different version of Python. If your image is based on a version of Python that is not 3.9, replace `python 3.9` in the **COPY** commands listed under the `## Copy requirements directory` section of your `Dockerfile.build` with the correct Python version.
  
  To identify the Python version in your AC image, run:
  

>   `
>   docker run quay.io/astronomer/ap-airflow:<astronomer-certified-version> python --version`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     ```
     docker run quay.io/astronomer/ap-airflow:<astronomer-certified-version> python --version
     ```
```
